the participants were still reeling from
the horror of witnessing hundreds of
people left for dead following the game
red light green light
all of the bodies are gift wrapped in
boxes and brought to an incineration
room some of them were still alive when
the guard nailed the coffin shut and
pushed the participants into the
incinerator after realizing the true
nature of the games numerous players
begin pleading with the guards to spare
their lives
according to the game's rules if a
majority of players agree to end the
game then everyone is free to leave
the guards call a vote but not before
disclosing how much money is at stake
each fallen player is worth 100 million
won which is 84 000
and the pot can reach 45.6 billion won
if just one person remains
following this vote the 201 players must
choose between the known misery of
financial ruin and the unknown torment
that awaits them in the next game
there is a tie with one vote left player
player001 the elderly guy after 200
players have submitted their votes
player 1 votes against continuing and
the game ends
however it can be restarted if the
majority of the players agree to return
the participants are blindfolded and
tied before being released
upon returning guy hun goes to the
police but no one believes his story
about the game
sangwoo is about to be arrested for
financial fraud on a failed bet of 6
billion won he has mortgaged his
mother's house and her market stall
player 67 kang sebayak who wants to
smuggle her parents out of north korea
she made it to seoul with her little
brother and has to leave him in a
children's home a broker has stolen the
money she raised to bring her mother
player 199 ali moved to south korea with
his wife and kid to make money but his
boss at the little factory where he
works refuses to pay him he flees with
the money after crushing his boss's hand
in a struggle and buying his wife and
child flights back home
player 101 a gangster who has got in
serious trouble with other mobsters
player 1 who believes he has nothing to
live for player 456 xeong gaihan has to
pay for his mother's treatment for
diabetes
gaihan encounters player 1 both of them
had a drink and he reveals that he is
returning to the game rather than wait
and die in the real life seong guy hun
punches his wife's new husband in front
of gaiyong when he offered him money to
never visit his daughter
guyhan came to a realization that if he
didn't do something he might lose his
daughter forever with all of this on his
mind he decides to get back into the
game
when detective wang joon-ho discovers
one of the game's business cards in his
missing brother's apartment he becomes
enraged
june hoe tracks down guy hung but he
refuses to aid him because he isn't in a
position to do so
[Music]
in the end the detective tails the
shuttle vehicle back to the game
you